Good evening . I am Bobby Harlow and you are watching Pew News
First news. "Tanakun" You're tired of listening to her. I'm tired of talking about her
If only we go to it. Trust me
There are some good hot news here that you want to know about !!
To those who do not know Utopian "Tana Mango" has met
In a conference at the same time as "VidCon" and in the same place as "VidCon"
I dispel all the lies that have spread
To summarize it was the disaster of thousands of young fans were waiting outside in the sun without food. No water
Without any cover for hours until he finally got the effent done
And disappoint the fans who thought they would meet their favorite creators, you know
Perhaps the parents themselves obviously are spending a lot of money on travel and hotels
The ticket itself was just useless, and the first blame we were told was that
15 thousand people
Only magically appeared unexpectedly and there is no way for anyone to just
Controls that position
And
Many people bought it so I bought it at some point but later it was a lie of
The police statement from the city park and police department in Grove said that only 4,000 tickets were sold and only 1,000 were sold
Of people actually fit to fill this event
Then it caused a lot of drama and speculation as far as Tana knew and good times for the event organizer
Did they know about this and there was a lot of going and going and was not really sure what exactly it was
What is wrong and who is
Who is responsible for these two concerts? Is Anna a Michael of the good times?
Well, we now have the answer you like good conclusion. Thanks to the latest video by Shane Dawson. it's a
A close friend of Tena Mungo
So we get the inner truth and sorry not only the truth about Tana Mongo but the real truth about
Tana Haha
Now the video is 41 minutes long and I am sure I would recommend watching it if you are interested, but in any case I will
Summarize it to you. It's basically 30 minutes of unrelenting convulsions
Does anyone know what to say ?? Scientists are still trying to figure it out. I'm Bobby Harlow and I feel reassured
I will do my best. We work around the clock to decrypt this talk
In my opinion you are showing that you have done a really good job
He gives the most balanced view of this situation because he may be able to do so
They are said to be friends. This will not be a fair offer
In my opinion, this kir was from "Tana"
She consistently goes behind Michael and blames him. It does not have many options to play at this stage - because I do not know
I still trust him alone. He repeats this again
I do not understand anything and you still have not answered the last ten questions for you
= You just keep turning the subject - because you do not let him speak Jesus Christ and I'm sitting there like
It does not matter .... I can agree
You feel you have been betrayed, but you think the event will deal with it
It does not matter which is important and I'll tell you why they knew
both of them
They knew both Tana and the good times knew ..
That the event was carrying only a thousand people, and they knew that they sold tickets for five thousand people, which is not surprising
At any time I work with a company, the first thing to be reported is how many things we sold or how many?
Without None Without None
We know how many units returned the profit that we made relevant information and the fact that they were demonstrating
= They do not know any of these - this good capacity probably goes down to 3,000 people
We can only be more responsible and drop them from five thousand to three thousand
Which is still treble for many people who both know also know that the hotel accommodates 1200 people
But what is this?
I
I did not say 5200 now. I love that. I loved it for us
Yes, do you like her now Tana and the last part that bothered me so much
The last one that really is
It bothers me and I can not
Let's just occupy it
It would be really wonderful to have people abroad waiting and letting people love being oppressed abroad. Yes really
Tana Mongo people like to be suppressed abroad
People like to be suppressed out Tana hello in case you are watching
I hope I have a message for you to say in the video of Shin
Often you want to make it good that you may want to improve the situation
But you do not know how you are so overwhelming
They let a lot of people go down and I want to do it right, but I do
This is madness. This is not something I thought would happen, I do not know what to do
But I have to make you right. You're lucky because I know how to do it well and I do not say so sarcastically
Here's what you need to do. Hide your channel. You obviously do not deserve to have an audience
The oppressed people
Abroad your audience was the people who cared for you people who paid the money to see you for me
This is a perfect example of ego greed and the greed of money being collected and the creation of this giant mess and ultimately
Everyone loses only me because I get the content for criticizing me
I mean, I enjoyed it
Women want to suppress outside
The following news every time deafness occurs in relation to a video game
Usually it comes to someone playing for 40 straight hours until playing for several consecutive days and recently
We have seen
More and more movement towards the idea of ​​damage games
The White House for example denounces that
Video games caused school shooting Who rated disorder games as a mental health condition
We talked about this on this channel, but we have not seen before
Psychological death related to video games at least as far as I'm concerned so far good morning
We'll start this morning by talking about a free online game
After the police and doctor warned the deaths of its dangers to children
It's called Doki-Doki
"Club Literature" The game begins as a dating group in high school and includes a group of moving girls at a book club
Things turn nasty with characters, hurt and self
Killing themselves said they would be suitable for players aged 13 or over
Launched last year and downloaded 2 million times in the first 4 months
An investigation into the death of a 15-year-old boy named Ben Wormsley from Bari, whose father said about the game, will be investigated
His son was dragged into it and reported that in Manchester News he had found a 15-year-old boy now dead and his father
The forensic doctor has warned about the online horror game. he was playing
Doki Dokki Literature Club. This has been covered in many different media
Do not let your child play the Duke Dokki Literature Club before reading this little late time now
Is not the father saying that Ben was growing fast. Difficult for parents
But this has to be highlighted, there is no confirmation so far, but we think the game can be linked to Ben's death
So they do not blame the game completely for the cause of death. They just say it's a potential cost
This is not really what causes echo through the Dokki and Dokki media are the first stage of this
The side event is because of it but what you noticed while reading the few articles is that it
Game description does not exactly match the way you play. You know, I played the game on my channel
People liked it and were really popular
It's an amazing game in my opinion and the fixed point being
Repeat in this article that the game will not leave you alone
I will be drawn to this .. This does not describe Doki Doki in my opinion
But well, then in another article is indicated that the game is an online game
It is not so I do not know where they got this information and the father
The game describes the characters
Your friends and they love you and give you tasks to do but if you do not
They turn into sinners, this does not describe them either
Then finally after reading this .. the game has been linked to his mobile phone and will be contacted by text message during the day and night
Often it awakens. This is when I realized
They are not talking about the literary club Doki Doki. They're talking about another game. So it appears here in another article
They're talking about
Mystic messenger is a game where you send a message to people who will give you notifications at random points
At least I think that's what I imagine is what he meant by a game that pulls you into a game. This free fits everything
It all fits perfectly
If you go to the doki-doki sweb site, the game does not appeal to it that it is not something
Imagine us playing this colorful game and it really is
An extensive plot to anyone it's a horror game people know you are going on the website and referred to in the description
Psychological horror The first text that shows is that the game is not suitable for children, and those who
Easily inconvenient
But then, I thought it was interesting because unlike these other games related to death, this game is actually very short
Do not focus on your withdrawal or keep you playing or keep you hooked on the game like many other designed games
These days
After the publication of this article
One parent said the same thing that their children had had trouble sleeping and stopped eating
There were no clear signs of what would happen
But there were many things that happen with my son and Doki Doki is just one part of it
But I need the death of my son to have some meaning now
I can not imagine what it's like to lose a child and me
I do not know what a hardship it is like to be a parent and I am not
Blame any father
Sometimes terrible things happen without good reason
But in my opinion, a video game does not make you do this at least in the doki-doki literature club
It's not just a reasonable claim and I'll be sensitive to the "Sonic"
I mean, raise your finger here and
"As a parent, you should have a focus on what your child is doing online or in front of a computer," says Biodepay
You focus on what they do in their daily lives
I think many parents do not realize that children are growing up practically in front of their computers, and that's a huge part of
Their social interaction to some extent needs to be monitored
To prevent this kind of thing from happening and the fact that the parent in this incident described
Another game described as the Club of Literature Doki Doki
At least to some extent that they do not know what the child was or at least did not understand and understand
This is confusing as well
But what really amazes me here is how poorly the media coverage
With almost every news article referring to doki-doki when it is clear
That's not it. What do you think? What are your views? I want to hear them
Let me know in the comments kind of Downer
It's not the most fun news to talk about but I think it's important though
Finally, I appreciate all the support on Bio News